Update agreements.md with video processing justification (#94)
reef-technologies/handbook: agreements.md

It is not allowed to use audio or video processing in company Zoom calls.
The only exception to this rule is the active noise cancellation function, which staff members may use freely.

> The reason we decided to make this policy was that it was distracting for some people.
> We also noticed that poor video processing without green screen and with loose hair causes flickering and it often hides half of someones face behind the virtual background.
> This also happens with blur.

Reviewer: I'm good with this as written, but here is shorter version if we want to keep word count low while conveying the same information:
```suggestion
Video processing, such as virtual background, or even blur often causes flickering and face distortions.
Some of us found this very distracting.
```

Author: I think it has been proven that for some people this can be important both ways. Eliminating the mentioning of blur and explanation of when the issues occur might save us a line of text but might trigger a 1h discussion again. I'd rather keep the extra line.
